>>> WHAT WILL BE NECESSARY TO
>>> WHAT WILL BE NECESSARY TO MAKE AN IMPEACHMENT OF
MAKE AN IMPEACHMENT OF BIPARTISAN PROCESS WOULD HAVE TO
BIPARTISAN PROCESS WOULD HAVE TO BE EXTRAORDINARILY CLEAR AND
BE EXTRAORDINARILY CLEAR AND COMPELLING.
COMPELLING. THE ONLY THING WORSE THAN
THE ONLY THING WORSE THAN PUTTING THE COUNTRY THROUGH THE
PUTTING THE COUNTRY THROUGH THE TRAUMA OF AN IMPEACHMENT IS
TRAUMA OF AN IMPEACHMENT IS PUTTING THE COUNTRY THROUGH THE
PUTTING THE COUNTRY THROUGH THE TRAUMA OF A FAILED IMPEACHMENT.
TRAUMA OF A FAILED IMPEACHMENT. >> DEMOCRATS INCLUDING DONNY IN
>> DEMOCRATS INCLUDING DONNY IN AGREEMENT TODAY THAT TO IMPEACH
AGREEMENT TODAY THAT TO IMPEACH PRESIDENT TRUMP, THE EVIDENCE
PRESIDENT TRUMP, THE EVIDENCE THAT HE COMMITTED A CRIME WOULD
THAT HE COMMITTED A CRIME WOULD HAVE TO BE SO CLEAR-CUT AND
HAVE TO BE SO CLEAR-CUT AND COMPELLING THAT EVEN REPUBLICANS
COMPELLING THAT EVEN REPUBLICANS WOULDN’T BE COMFORTABLE LETTING
WOULDN’T BE COMFORTABLE LETTING HIM GET AWAY WITH IT.
HIM GET AWAY WITH IT. THAT AS WE GET CLOSER TO THE END
THAT AS WE GET CLOSER TO THE END OF ROBERT MUELLER’S
OF ROBERT MUELLER’S INVESTIGATIONS, THE QUESTIONS
INVESTIGATIONS, THE QUESTIONS AROUND WHAT EVIDENCE HE’LL
AROUND WHAT EVIDENCE HE’LL REVEAL AND HOW HE’LL REVEAL IT
REVEAL AND HOW HE’LL REVEAL IT REMAIN WIDE OPEN.
REMAIN WIDE OPEN. BUT WE HAVE WITH US THE PERSON,
BUT WE HAVE WITH US THE PERSON, THE ONE PERSON, WHO CAN EXPLAIN
THE ONE PERSON, WHO CAN EXPLAIN IT ALL.
IT ALL. FORMER ACTING U.S. SOLICITOR
FORMER ACTING U.S. SOLICITOR GENERAL AND THE MAN WHO HELPED
GENERAL AND THE MAN WHO HELPED CRAFT THE SPECIAL COUNSEL
CRAFT THE SPECIAL COUNSEL REGULATIONS, WHICH GAVE US
REGULATIONS, WHICH GAVE US ROBERT MUELLER, NEAL KATYAL,
ROBERT MUELLER, NEAL KATYAL, NATIONAL TREASURE, HIMSELF.
NATIONAL TREASURE, HIMSELF. IT’S SUCH A PLEASURE TO HAVE
IT’S SUCH A PLEASURE TO HAVE YOU.
YOU. I WANT TO ASK YOU TO GET AT
I WANT TO ASK YOU TO GET AT SOMETHING THAT YOU’VE TALKED
SOMETHING THAT YOU’VE TALKED ABOUT IN INTERVIEWS ON OTHER
ABOUT IN INTERVIEWS ON OTHER NETWORKS, AND ON THE DAILY
NETWORKS, AND ON THE DAILY PODCASTS AND "NEW YORK TIMES"
PODCASTS AND "NEW YORK TIMES" THAT YOU YOU ABOUTABOUT.
THAT YOU YOU ABOUTABOUT. WHAT IS THE DANGER FOR DONALD
WHAT IS THE DANGER FOR DONALD TRUMP IF THE MUELLER REPORT IS
TRUMP IF THE MUELLER REPORT IS SOME CONCISE REPORT FINDINGS OF
SOME CONCISE REPORT FINDINGS OF HIS CONDUCT THAT LEAVES US WITH
HIS CONDUCT THAT LEAVES US WITH MORE QUESTIONS?
MORE QUESTIONS? >> YEAH, SO IF THE MUELLER
>> YEAH, SO IF THE MUELLER REPORT HAPPENED LAST YEAR, WHICH
REPORT HAPPENED LAST YEAR, WHICH WOULD BE IMPOSSIBLE JUST BECAUSE
WOULD BE IMPOSSIBLE JUST BECAUSE THESE INVESTIGATIONS TAKE A LONG
THESE INVESTIGATIONS TAKE A LONG TIME, BUT LET’S PRETEND, I THINK
TIME, BUT LET’S PRETEND, I THINK IT WOULD HAVE REALLY HELPED
IT WOULD HAVE REALLY HELPED TRUMP BECAUSE AT THAT POINT,
TRUMP BECAUSE AT THAT POINT, CONGRESS WAS BASICALLY HIS
CONGRESS WAS BASICALLY HIS LAPDOG, NOT EXERCISING ANY
LAPDOG, NOT EXERCISING ANY OVERSIGHT RESPONSIBILITIES
OVERSIGHT RESPONSIBILITIES WHATSOEVER EXCEPT ON, YOU KNOW,
WHATSOEVER EXCEPT ON, YOU KNOW, HIS POLITICAL ENEMIES OR THINGS
HIS POLITICAL ENEMIES OR THINGS LIKE THAT.
LIKE THAT. BUT NOW WE FACE A REALLY
BUT NOW WE FACE A REALLY DIFFERENT SITUATION.
DIFFERENT SITUATION. THERE ARE MULTIPLE DIFFERENT
THERE ARE MULTIPLE DIFFERENT INVESTIGATORS AND MUELLER HAS TO
INVESTIGATORS AND MUELLER HAS TO KNOW THAT, SO EVEN IF HE WRITES
KNOW THAT, SO EVEN IF HE WRITES A SHORT REPORT, AS LONG AS THE
A SHORT REPORT, AS LONG AS THE FACTS COME OUT IN THAT REPORT
FACTS COME OUT IN THAT REPORT AND LEADS ARE ABLE TO BE
AND LEADS ARE ABLE TO BE PURSUED, YOU’LL HAVE MULTIPLE
PURSUED, YOU’LL HAVE MULTIPLE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES
CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES INVESTIGATING, YOU’LL HAVE STATE
INVESTIGATING, YOU’LL HAVE STATE ATTORNEYS GENERAL INVESTIGATING,
ATTORNEYS GENERAL INVESTIGATING, PERHAPS EVEN LOCAL DISTRICT
PERHAPS EVEN LOCAL DISTRICT ATTORNEYS LIKE MANHATTAN, AND AS
ATTORNEYS LIKE MANHATTAN, AND AS WELL, YOU HAVE TWO DIFFERENT
WELL, YOU HAVE TWO DIFFERENT FEDERAL PROSECUTOR’S OFFICES
FEDERAL PROSECUTOR’S OFFICES BOTH IN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF
BOTH IN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK AND IN D.C.
NEW YORK AND IN D.C. SO, I MEAN, THE ODD THING IS
SO, I MEAN, THE ODD THING IS TRUMP ALWAYS SAYS THIS IS A
TRUMP ALWAYS SAYS THIS IS A WITCH HUNT, THIS IS A WITCH
WITCH HUNT, THIS IS A WITCH HUNT, BUT IT’S OWN WITCH HUNT,
HUNT, BUT IT’S OWN WITCH HUNT, HIS OWN PROSECUTORS, FEDERAL
HIS OWN PROSECUTORS, FEDERAL PROSECUTORS WHOM HE SUPERVISES
PROSECUTORS WHOM HE SUPERVISES WHO ARE, THEMSELVES, POINTING
WHO ARE, THEMSELVES, POINTING THE FINGER AND SAYING, MAYBE
THE FINGER AND SAYING, MAYBE THIS PRESIDENT IS ENGAGED IN
THIS PRESIDENT IS ENGAGED IN WRONG
WRONG WRONGDOING.
WRONGDOING. >> NEAL, YOU WROTE TWO THINGS IN
>> NEAL, YOU WROTE TWO THINGS IN YOUR OP-PED WHEN I HEAR, I HEAR
YOUR OP-PED WHEN I HEAR, I HEAR ADAM SCHIFF, I HEAR NANCY
ADAM SCHIFF, I HEAR NANCY PELOSI, YOU, YOURSELF, HAVE SET
PELOSI, YOU, YOURSELF, HAVE SET THE BAR AT CRIMINALITY.
THE BAR AT CRIMINALITY. I WANT TO READ TWO LINES FROM
I WANT TO READ TWO LINES FROM THIS OP-PED BECAUSE I FEEL LIKE
THIS OP-PED BECAUSE I FEEL LIKE THEY’RE PLAYING BACK TO ME IN
THEY’RE PLAYING BACK TO ME IN THE COMMENTS COMING OUT OF
THE COMMENTS COMING OUT OF DEMOCRATIC LEADERS.
DEMOCRATIC LEADERS. YOU WROTE, "MR. TRUMP’S BEHAVIOR
YOU WROTE, "MR. TRUMP’S BEHAVIOR INCLUDING HIS DANGLING OF
INCLUDING HIS DANGLING OF PARDONS TO WITNESSES IN THE
PARDONS TO WITNESSES IN THE INVESTIGATION MAKES TOTAL
INVESTIGATION MAKES TOTAL EXONERATION UNLIKELY.
EXONERATION UNLIKELY. EVEN THOUGH IT IS ENORMOUSLY
EVEN THOUGH IT IS ENORMOUSLY DIFFICULT TO PROSECUTE CRIMES
DIFFICULT TO PROSECUTE CRIMES WITH INTERNATIONAL DIMENSIONS
WITH INTERNATIONAL DIMENSIONS AND ASSERTIONS OF PRIVILEGE."
AND ASSERTIONS OF PRIVILEGE." YOU ALSO WRITE, "THERE’S NO
YOU ALSO WRITE, "THERE’S NO IMPEACHMENT INQUIRY NOW, BUT
IMPEACHMENT INQUIRY NOW, BUT THAT COULD QUICKLY CHANGE IF MR.
THAT COULD QUICKLY CHANGE IF MR. MUELLER WRITES A REPORT THAT IS
MUELLER WRITES A REPORT THAT IS ANYTHING LESS THAN A FULL
ANYTHING LESS THAN A FULL CLEARING OF THE PRESIDENT.
CLEARING OF THE PRESIDENT. CONGRESS WOULD BE UNDER A
CONGRESS WOULD BE UNDER A CONSTITUTIONAL OBLIGATION TO
CONSTITUTIONAL OBLIGATION TO INVESTIGATE THE FACTS FOR
INVESTIGATE THE FACTS FOR ITSELF."
ITSELF." IT DOES NOT FEEL LIKE A
IT DOES NOT FEEL LIKE A COINCIDENCE THAT YOU ARE SETTING
COINCIDENCE THAT YOU ARE SETTING THE BAR AT CLEAR INDICATION OF
THE BAR AT CLEAR INDICATION OF CRIMINALITY.
CRIMINALITY. NANCY PELOSI SETTING THE BAR
NANCY PELOSI SETTING THE BAR YESTERDAY AT CLEAR, COMPELLING
YESTERDAY AT CLEAR, COMPELLING EVIDENCE OF CRIMES THAT WOULD BE
EVIDENCE OF CRIMES THAT WOULD BE SO DISTURBING EVEN REPUBLICANS
SO DISTURBING EVEN REPUBLICANS WOULD FEEL LIKE THEY HAD TO ACT,
WOULD FEEL LIKE THEY HAD TO ACT, AND ADAM SCHIFF THERE SAYING WE
AND ADAM SCHIFF THERE SAYING WE WOULD ONLY MOVE TO IMPEACH IF WE
WOULD ONLY MOVE TO IMPEACH IF WE WERE SURE TO HAVE BIPARTISAN
WERE SURE TO HAVE BIPARTISAN SUPPORT.
SUPPORT. DO I HAVE THAT RIGHT?
DO I HAVE THAT RIGHT? K
K >> WELL, I DON’T THINK YOU HAVE
>> WELL, I DON’T THINK YOU HAVE IT PRECISELY RIGHT.
IT PRECISELY RIGHT. I AGREE THE THRESHOLD IS REALLY
I AGREE THE THRESHOLD IS REALLY HIGH FOR IMPEACHMENT, AS IT
HIGH FOR IMPEACHMENT, AS IT SHOULD BE, BECAUSE YOU’RE, YOU
SHOULD BE, BECAUSE YOU’RE, YOU KNOW, UNDERMINING -- UNDOING AN
KNOW, UNDERMINING -- UNDOING AN ELECTION AND SAYING SOMEONE IS
ELECTION AND SAYING SOMEONE IS UNFIT.
UNFIT. BUT, NICOLLE, I DON’T THINK THAT
BUT, NICOLLE, I DON’T THINK THAT THE STANDARD IS CRIMINALITY.
THE STANDARD IS CRIMINALITY. I THINK THE STANDARD IN OUR
I THINK THE STANDARD IN OUR CONSTITUTION IS SOMETHING
CONSTITUTION IS SOMETHING DIFFERENT.
DIFFERENT. IT’S ABOUT FITNESS FOR OFFICE.
IT’S ABOUT FITNESS FOR OFFICE. SO, FOR EXAMPLE, THE STORY LAST
SO, FOR EXAMPLE, THE STORY LAST WEEK ABOUT HOW THE PRESIDENT
WEEK ABOUT HOW THE PRESIDENT ORDERED THE DESTRUCTION OF THE
ORDERED THE DESTRUCTION OF THE TIME WARNER MERGER BECAUSE --
TIME WARNER MERGER BECAUSE -- WITH AT&amp;T -- BECAUSE HE WAS
WITH AT&amp;T -- BECAUSE HE WAS UPSET WITH CNN, THAT MAY NOT BE
UPSET WITH CNN, THAT MAY NOT BE A CRIMINAL ACT, BUT IT IS A
A CRIMINAL ACT, BUT IT IS A QUINTESSENTIAL ABUSE OF THE
QUINTESSENTIAL ABUSE OF THE PUBLIC TRUST.
PUBLIC TRUST. IT IS EXACTLY WHAT THE FOUNDERS
IT IS EXACTLY WHAT THE FOUNDERS HAD IN MIND WHEN THEY WROTE THE
HAD IN MIND WHEN THEY WROTE THE IMPEACHMENT CLAUSE.
IMPEACHMENT CLAUSE. SO, THE STANDARD IS REALLY HIGH,
SO, THE STANDARD IS REALLY HIGH, THAT’S WHAT THE -- WHAT SPEAKER
THAT’S WHAT THE -- WHAT SPEAKER PELOSI SAID YESTERDAY AND
PELOSI SAID YESTERDAY AND CONGRESSMAN SCHIFF, BUT IT’S NOT
CONGRESSMAN SCHIFF, BUT IT’S NOT QUITE CRIMINALITY AS IT’S
QUITE CRIMINALITY AS IT’S SOMETHING DIFFERENT THAN THAT.
SOMETHING DIFFERENT THAN THAT. >> DO YOU DISAGREE THAT
>> DO YOU DISAGREE THAT CRIMINALITY IS THE POLITICAL
CRIMINALITY IS THE POLITICAL BARR THAT SCHIFF AND PELOSI HAVE
BARR THAT SCHIFF AND PELOSI HAVE SET?
SET? >> WELL, YOU KNOW, I DON’T THINK
>> WELL, YOU KNOW, I DON’T THINK IT’S JUST CRIMINALITY THAT
IT’S JUST CRIMINALITY THAT THEY’VE SET.
THEY’VE SET. SO, FOR EXAMPLE, YOU KNOW,
SO, FOR EXAMPLE, YOU KNOW, THERE’S THIS WHOLE QUESTION
THERE’S THIS WHOLE QUESTION ABOUT IS THE PRESIDENT
ABOUT IS THE PRESIDENT OBSTRUCTING JUSTICE WHEN HE
OBSTRUCTING JUSTICE WHEN HE FIRED JIM COMEY?
FIRED JIM COMEY? AND, YOU KNOW, BARR, THE
AND, YOU KNOW, BARR, THE ATTORNEY GENERAL, WROTE THIS
ATTORNEY GENERAL, WROTE THIS 19-PAGE MEMO WHICH FLOATS THE
19-PAGE MEMO WHICH FLOATS THE IDEA, WELL, NO, NOT NECESSARILY,
IDEA, WELL, NO, NOT NECESSARILY, IT’S NOT A CRIME BECAUSE THE
IT’S NOT A CRIME BECAUSE THE CRIMINAL LAW DOESN’T ACTUALLY
CRIMINAL LAW DOESN’T ACTUALLY SAY THE PRESIDENT IS INCLUDED
SAY THE PRESIDENT IS INCLUDED WITHIN IT.
WITHIN IT. IT’S A TECHNICAL LEGAL DEFENSE,
IT’S A TECHNICAL LEGAL DEFENSE, BUT I THINK IF HE OBSTRUCTED
BUT I THINK IF HE OBSTRUCTED JUSTICE BY FIRING COMEY, WHETHER
JUSTICE BY FIRING COMEY, WHETHER OR NOT YOU CALL IT A CRIME OR
OR NOT YOU CALL IT A CRIME OR NOT, YOU KNOW, FIRING THOSE WHO
NOT, YOU KNOW, FIRING THOSE WHO INVESTIGATE YOU JUST BECAUSE
INVESTIGATE YOU JUST BECAUSE YOU’RE TRYING TO PROTECT YOUR
YOU’RE TRYING TO PROTECT YOUR OWN HIDE, THAT IS SOMETHING THAT
OWN HIDE, THAT IS SOMETHING THAT IS, AGAIN, A CLASSIC IMPEACHABLE
IS, AGAIN, A CLASSIC IMPEACHABLE OFFENSES EVEN IF IT IS NOT A
OFFENSES EVEN IF IT IS NOT A CRIMINAL ACT, AND I DON’T TAKE
CRIMINAL ACT, AND I DON’T TAKE IT THAT ANYTHING THAT WAS SAID
IT THAT ANYTHING THAT WAS SAID YESTERDAY TAKES BACK THAT JUST
YESTERDAY TAKES BACK THAT JUST BASIC COMMON SENSE IDEA.
BASIC COMMON SENSE IDEA. >> WE NEVER HEARD ANYONE SUGGEST
>> WE NEVER HEARD ANYONE SUGGEST THAT ROBERT MUELLER IS NOT STILL
THAT ROBERT MUELLER IS NOT STILL AGGRESSIVELY PURSUING BOTH
AGGRESSIVELY PURSUING BOTH TRACKS OF THIS INVESTIGATION,
TRACKS OF THIS INVESTIGATION, WHETHER OR NOT THERE WAS A
WHETHER OR NOT THERE WAS A CONSPIRACY WITH RUSSIANS AND THE
CONSPIRACY WITH RUSSIANS AND THE PRESIDENT’S NOW OBVIOUS EFFORTS
PRESIDENT’S NOW OBVIOUS EFFORTS TO OBSTRUCT THE INVESTIGATION
TO OBSTRUCT THE INVESTIGATION INTO HIM.
INTO HIM. CAN YOU TAKE US THROUGH WHAT
CAN YOU TAKE US THROUGH WHAT THAT OBSTRUCTION PIECE LOOKS
THAT OBSTRUCTION PIECE LOOKS LIKE?
LIKE? WITH THE ADDED WRINKLE THAT
WITH THE ADDED WRINKLE THAT WHILE BARR WROTE THAT 17-PAGE
WHILE BARR WROTE THAT 17-PAGE MEMO, HE ALSO TESTIFIED IN HIS
MEMO, HE ALSO TESTIFIED IN HIS CONFIRMATION HEARINGS THAT IF
CONFIRMATION HEARINGS THAT IF SOMEONE TRIES TO OBSTRUCT AN
SOMEONE TRIES TO OBSTRUCT AN INVESTIGATION INTO THEM, HE
INVESTIGATION INTO THEM, HE WOULD SEE THAT AS OBSTRUCTION.
WOULD SEE THAT AS OBSTRUCTION. >> YEAH, I MEAN, HE -- BARR
>> YEAH, I MEAN, HE -- BARR DEFINITELY TRIED TO WALK BACK
DEFINITELY TRIED TO WALK BACK SOME OF THE STATEMENTS, SO IT’S
SOME OF THE STATEMENTS, SO IT’S A CLASSIC CRIME TO OBSTRUCT
A CLASSIC CRIME TO OBSTRUCT JUSTICE.
JUSTICE. SO IF YOU ARE A PROSECUTOR AND
SO IF YOU ARE A PROSECUTOR AND YOU ARE, YOU KNOW, DESTROYING
YOU ARE, YOU KNOW, DESTROYING EVIDENCE OR SOMETHING LIKE THAT,
EVIDENCE OR SOMETHING LIKE THAT, OR EVEN IF YOU’RE AN ORDINARY
OR EVEN IF YOU’RE AN ORDINARY CITIZEN, YOU CAN’T DO THAT.
CITIZEN, YOU CAN’T DO THAT. NOW, WHAT THE PRESIDENT HAS SAID
NOW, WHAT THE PRESIDENT HAS SAID IS, OKAY, I FIRED COMEY WHO WAS
IS, OKAY, I FIRED COMEY WHO WAS INVESTIGATING ME, AND HE
INVESTIGATING ME, AND HE ADMITTED ON YOUR NETWORK TO
ADMITTED ON YOUR NETWORK TO LESTER HOLT THAT I DID IT
LESTER HOLT THAT I DID IT BECAUSE OF THE, QUOTE, RUSSIA
BECAUSE OF THE, QUOTE, RUSSIA THING.
THING. SO IT LOOKS BAD, BUT THE BARR
SO IT LOOKS BAD, BUT THE BARR ARGUMENT IS, WELL, THE PRESIDENT
ARGUMENT IS, WELL, THE PRESIDENT HAS THE RIGHT TO FIRE ANYONE FOR
HAS THE RIGHT TO FIRE ANYONE FOR ANY REASON.
ANY REASON. THAT ARGUMENT JUST DOESN’T
THAT ARGUMENT JUST DOESN’T ACTUALLY FLY.
ACTUALLY FLY. IT’S A BAD ARGUMENT BECAUSE
IT’S A BAD ARGUMENT BECAUSE IT’S, LIKE, YOU HAVE A RIGHT TO
IT’S, LIKE, YOU HAVE A RIGHT TO DESTROY YOUR LAPTOP, NICOLLE,
DESTROY YOUR LAPTOP, NICOLLE, IT’S YOUR LAPTOP.
IT’S YOUR LAPTOP. YOU CAN THROW IT IN A RIVER, SET
YOU CAN THROW IT IN A RIVER, SET IT ON FIRE, WHATEVER.
IT ON FIRE, WHATEVER. IT’S YOUR ABSOLUTE RIGHT, IT’S
IT’S YOUR ABSOLUTE RIGHT, IT’S YOUR PROPERTY.
YOUR PROPERTY. BE IF YOU KNOW THE FEDS HAVE A
BE IF YOU KNOW THE FEDS HAVE A WARRANT TO COME SEIZE IT, AND
WARRANT TO COME SEIZE IT, AND YOU GO AND BURN IT RIGHT BEFORE
YOU GO AND BURN IT RIGHT BEFORE THEY, YOU KNOW, KNOCK ON THE
THEY, YOU KNOW, KNOCK ON THE DOOR, THAT’S OBVIOUSLY
DOOR, THAT’S OBVIOUSLY OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE.
OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE. AND SIMILARLY HERE, EVEN IF THE
AND SIMILARLY HERE, EVEN IF THE PRESIDENT HAS A RIGHT TO
PRESIDENT HAS A RIGHT TO GENERALLY FIRE PEOPLE, HE CAN’T
GENERALLY FIRE PEOPLE, HE CAN’T DO IT FOR A CORRUPT MOTIVE.
DO IT FOR A CORRUPT MOTIVE. SO I SUSPECT THAT’S WHAT MUELLER
SO I SUSPECT THAT’S WHAT MUELLER IS REALLY LOOKING AT ON THE
IS REALLY LOOKING AT ON THE OBSTRUCTION PIECE.
OBSTRUCTION PIECE. AND THEN YOU’RE RIGHT TO SAY
AND THEN YOU’RE RIGHT TO SAY THERE’S THIS WHOLE OTHER KIND OF
THERE’S THIS WHOLE OTHER KIND OF COUNTERINTELLIGENCE AND
COUNTERINTELLIGENCE AND SOMETIMES PRESIDENT TRUMP CALLS
SOMETIMES PRESIDENT TRUMP CALLS IT COLLUSION, BUT THIS WHOLE
IT COLLUSION, BUT THIS WHOLE IDEA WHERE PEOPLE IN THE TRUMP
IDEA WHERE PEOPLE IN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN CONSPIREING WITH THE
CAMPAIGN CONSPIREING WITH THE RUSSIANS, AND THERE, THE
RUSSIANS, AND THERE, THE INVESTIGATION’S ALREADY BORNE A
INVESTIGATION’S ALREADY BORNE A LOT OF FRUIT.
LOT OF FRUIT. I MEAN, THE MANAFORT, THE
I MEAN, THE MANAFORT, THE PRESIDENT’S NUMERO UNO CAMPAIGN
PRESIDENT’S NUMERO UNO CAMPAIGN OFFICIAL.
OFFICIAL. MICHAEL FLYNN, THE PRESIDENT’S
MICHAEL FLYNN, THE PRESIDENT’S NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER, HIS
NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER, HIS TOP PERSON IN, AND MANY OTHERS.
TOP PERSON IN, AND MANY OTHERS. SO 37 DIFFERENT INDICTMENTS WITH
SO 37 DIFFERENT INDICTMENTS WITH 199 COUNTS IS NOT LOOKING LIKE
199 COUNTS IS NOT LOOKING LIKE IF IT’S A WITCH HUNT, IT’S THE
IF IT’S A WITCH HUNT, IT’S THE MOST SUCCESSFUL WITCH HUNT IN
MOST SUCCESSFUL WITCH HUNT IN HISTORY.
HISTORY. >> NEAL, CAN YOU TICK TOCK ME
>> NEAL, CAN YOU TICK TOCK ME THROUGH WHAT WOULD HAPPEN, SAY,
THROUGH WHAT WOULD HAPPEN, SAY, IF ROBERT MUELLER, I UNDERSTAND
IF ROBERT MUELLER, I UNDERSTAND FROM THE REGULATION YOU WROTE,
FROM THE REGULATION YOU WROTE, IF HE’S DONE THE FIRST THING HE
IF HE’S DONE THE FIRST THING HE HAS TO DO IS PICK UP THE PHONE
HAS TO DO IS PICK UP THE PHONE OR WALK OVER TO ATTORNEY GENERAL
OR WALK OVER TO ATTORNEY GENERAL BARR’S OFFICE AND SAY, I’M DONE.
BARR’S OFFICE AND SAY, I’M DONE. IF THAT WERE TO HAPPEN NEXT
IF THAT WERE TO HAPPEN NEXT MONDAY, WHAT WOULD HAPPEN NEXT?
MONDAY, WHAT WOULD HAPPEN NEXT? >> YEAH, SO THE SPECIAL COUNSEL
>> YEAH, SO THE SPECIAL COUNSEL REGULATIONS SAY THAT WHEN THE
REGULATIONS SAY THAT WHEN THE SPECIAL COUNSEL IS DONE AT THE
SPECIAL COUNSEL IS DONE AT THE CONCLUSION OF HIS INVESTIGATION,
CONCLUSION OF HIS INVESTIGATION, HE’S TO PROVIDE THE ATTORNEY
HE’S TO PROVIDE THE ATTORNEY GENERAL WITH THE REPORT.
GENERAL WITH THE REPORT. THEY DON’T HAVE TO HAPPEN
THEY DON’T HAVE TO HAPPEN EXACTLY AT THE SAME TIME, YOU
EXACTLY AT THE SAME TIME, YOU KNOW, YOU COULD IMAGINE HE CAN
KNOW, YOU COULD IMAGINE HE CAN CALL THE ATTORNEY GENERAL, SAM
CALL THE ATTORNEY GENERAL, SAM DUNN, THEN SAY NOW I’M MOVING TO
DUNN, THEN SAY NOW I’M MOVING TO THE WRITING OF THE REPORT PHASE.
THE WRITING OF THE REPORT PHASE. SO IT DOESN’T NECESSARILY --
SO IT DOESN’T NECESSARILY -- IT’S NOT NECESSARILY
IT’S NOT NECESSARILY SIMULTANEOUS.
SIMULTANEOUS. BUT AT THAT POINT, THEN AT SOME
BUT AT THAT POINT, THEN AT SOME POINT THE ATTORNEY GENERAL IS
POINT THE ATTORNEY GENERAL IS GOING TO GET THAT REPORT, READ
GOING TO GET THAT REPORT, READ IT, AND THEN ITEMPLATED
IT, AND THEN ITEMPLATED PEN YOU’RE DEALING WITH
PEN YOU’RE DEALING WITH HIGH-LEVEL WRONGDOING.
HIGH-LEVEL WRONGDOING. LIKE PRESIDENTIAL LEVEL.
LIKE PRESIDENTIAL LEVEL. THAT THAT REPORT GETS TURNED
THAT THAT REPORT GETS TURNED OVER TO THE CONGRESS AND REALLY
OVER TO THE CONGRESS AND REALLY TURNED OVER LARGELY IN FULL.
TURNED OVER LARGELY IN FULL. SURE, THERE COULD BE REDACTIONS
SURE, THERE COULD BE REDACTIONS IF THERE’S SOME PRIVACY
IF THERE’S SOME PRIVACY INTEREST, YOU KNOW, SOME SORT
INTEREST, YOU KNOW, SOME SORT OF, YOU KNOW, INTIMATE BEHAVIOR
OF, YOU KNOW, INTIMATE BEHAVIOR AKIN TO WHAT HAPPENED IN THE
AKIN TO WHAT HAPPENED IN THE WHITEWATER REPORT IN 1999.
WHITEWATER REPORT IN 1999. BUT IN THE ABSENCE OF THAT, I
BUT IN THE ABSENCE OF THAT, I THINK THE BASIC IDEA IS CONGRESS
THINK THE BASIC IDEA IS CONGRESS GETS TO SEE THAT REPORT BECAUSE
GETS TO SEE THAT REPORT BECAUSE THE PUBLIC ADMINISTRATION OF